{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ## Inspiration\
Snapchat is one of the most popular apps on the store today. Regardless of what phone you use, you\'92ve either used it or heard of it. There\'92s one crucial aspect that this app is missing, something that our team hopes to fulfill - memes. \
## What it does\
It turns you into a meme by utilizing the iPhone\'92s camera and face recognition API.\
## How we built it\
We used the Swift 2 language using the Xcode IDE along with the AVFoundation framework.\
## Challenges we ran into\
Formatting was a big obstacle in our app. There were many icon assets that we had to fit on a small screen. Also, there many constraints that came with each asset which made it a little confusing. Furthermore, we had to find ways to \
## Accomplishments that we're proud of\
The debugging process itself yielded many accomplishments. As two of three in the team are new hackers, just fixing the logical errors we had in the app felt very rewarding. As we were unfamiliar with the AVFoundation framework, navigating through obscure documentation was an adventure in itself.\
## What we learned\
That people can in fact, be the memes they dream to be. Also, we learned much more about using Swift frameworks and phone functionalities.\
## What's next for Meme Dreams\
A golden age for the memelennials. Our team believes that a community submitted database of the latest memes could possibly be a huge breakthrough for the future of humanity. \
\
\
https://github.com/jamesw8/MemeDreams.git}